Azure multi read options (#15630)
apache/druid: docs/ingestion/input-sources.md

Note that the Azure input source skips all empty objects only when `prefixes` is specified.

The `objects` property is:

|Property|Description|Default|Required|
|--------|-----------|-------|---------|
|bucket|Name of the Azure Blob Storage or Azure Data Lake storage account|None|yes|
|path|The container and path where data is located.|None|yes|

The `properties` property is:
Either set sharedAccessStorageToken OR key OR appRegistrationClientId/appRegistrationClientSecret/tenantId OR set nothing.

|Property|Description|Default|Required|
|--------|-----------|-------|---------|
|sharedAccessStorageToken|The plain text string of this Azure Blob Storage Shared Access Token|None|No|
|key|The root key of Azure Blob Storage Account|None|no|
|appRegistrationClientId|The client ID of the Azure App registration to authenticate as|None|No|
|appRegistrationClientSecret|The client secret of the Azure App registration to authenticate as|None|Yes if `appRegistrationClientId` is provided|
|tenantId|The tenant ID of the Azure App registration to authenticate as|None|Yes if `appRegistrationClientId` is provided|

<details closed>

>   <summary>The v1 'azure' input source</summary>
> The old `azure` input source did not support specifying which storage account to ingest from so it has been deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <summary>Show the deprecated 'azure' input source</summary>

Note that the deprecated `azure` input source doesn't support specifying which storage account to ingest from. We recommend using the `azureStorage` instead.
```

Sample specs:

```json
...
    "ioConfig": {
      "type": "index_parallel",
      "inputSource": {
        "type": "azureStorage",
        "objectGlob": "**.json",
        "uris": ["azureStorage://storageAccount/container/prefix1/file.json", "azureStorage://storageAccount/container/prefix2/file2.json"]
      },
      "inputFormat": {
        "type": "json"
      },
      ...
    },
...
```

```json
...
    "ioConfig": {
      "type": "index_parallel",
      "inputSource": {
        "type": "azureStorage",
        "objectGlob": "**.parquet",
        "prefixes": ["azureStorage://storageAccount/container/prefix1/", "azureStorage://storageAccount/container/prefix2/"]
      },
      "inputFormat": {
        "type": "json"
      },
      ...
    },
...
```

```json
...
    "ioConfig": {
      "type": "index_parallel",
      "inputSource": {
        "type": "azureStorage",
        "objectGlob": "**.json",
        "objects": [
          { "bucket": "storageAccount", "path": "container/prefix1/file1.json"},
          { "bucket": "storageAccount", "path": "container/prefix2/file2.json"}
        ],
        "properties": {

>           "sharedAccessStorageToken": "?sv=...<storage token secret>...",

Reviewer 2: Why is '?' character part of sharedAccessStorageToken?

Author: thats the azure format

Reviewer 2: I am confused, why would we need to add the delimiter here
<img width="810" alt="Screenshot 2024-01-17 at 12 10 18" src="https://github.com/apache/druid/assets/107639362/6f762b71-0e87-4cf6-a4e4-f05f5f16b4b6">

        }
      },
      "inputFormat": {
        "type": "json"
      },
      ...
    },
...
```

|Property|Description|Default|Required|
|--------|-----------|-------|---------|
|type|Set the value to `azureStorage`.|None|yes|
|uris|JSON array of URIs where the Azure objects to be ingested are located, in the form `azureStorage://<storageAccount>/<container>/<path-to-file>`|None|`uris` or `prefixes` or `objects` must be set|
|prefixes|JSON array of URI prefixes for the locations of Azure objects to ingest, in the form `azureStorage://<storageAccount>/<container>/<prefix>`. Empty objects starting with one of the given prefixes are skipped.|None|`uris` or `prefixes` or `objects` must be set|
|objects|JSON array of Azure objects to ingest.|None|`uris` or `prefixes` or `objects` must be set|

> |objectGlob|A glob for the object part of the Azure URI. In the URI `azureStorage://foo/bar/file.json`, the glob is applied to `bar/file.json`.<br /><br />The glob must match the entire object part, not just the filename. For example, the glob `*.json` does not match `azureStorage://foo/bar/file.json`, because the object part is `bar/file.json`, and the`*` does not match the slash. To match all objects ending in `.json`, use `**.json` instead.<br /><br />For more information, refer to the documentation for [`FileSystem#getPathMatcher`](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/nio/file/FileSystem.html#getPathMatcher-java.lang.String-).|None|no|

Reviewer 3: is the regex behavior noted here similar for S3 or different here for azure for some reason?

Author: good point, let me test this

Author: yeah it works the same
